updated the clarification note for performance_multiplier (#20980)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/storage/raft.mdx

- `node_id` `(string: "")` - The identifier for the node in the Raft cluster.
  This value can be overridden by setting the `VAULT_RAFT_NODE_ID` environment variable.

- `performance_multiplier` `(integer: 0)` - An integer multiplier used by 

>   servers to scale key Raft timing parameters. Tuning this affects the time it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  servers to scale key Raft timing parameters, where each increment translates to approximately 1 – 2 seconds of delay. For example, setting the multiplier to "3" translates to 3 – 6 seconds of total delay.  Tuning  the multiplier affects the time it
```

The specific numbers outlined in @banks 's comment are super helpful. I think it's worth adding a note with a specific example here so you don't have to explain it again later. Also updated the language for accessibility (active voice)

  takes Vault to detect leader failures and to perform leader elections, at the
  expense of requiring more network and CPU resources for better performance.
  Omitting this value or setting it to 0 uses default timing described below. 

>   Lower values represent higher frequencies with lower intervals while lower 

Reviewer 2: "Lower values ... while lower values ... " seems wrong, was that change intentional?  Also, you're speaking about "frequencies" and "intervals" but without having introduced those terms; what frequency, what interval are we speaking about?  I feel the original phrasing in this paragraph was clearer than the replacement you're suggesting.

Author: I have updated the first paragraph with original text. Thank you !

  values relax timings and reduce sensitivity.

>   By default, Vault will use a balanced timing value of 5 that's suitable for 
>   most platforms & scenarios. Setting this to a value of 1 will configure Raft 
>   to its highest-performance mode. The maximum allowed value is 10. Only 
>   adjust this value if required and subject to the overall reliability your 
>   platform (network, etc) as well as using available telemetry indicators that 
>   may suggest a need for an increase or decrease.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

By default, Vault uses a balanced timing value of 5, which is suitable for most
platforms and scenarios. You should only adjust the timing value when platform
telemetry indicators that a change is needed or different timing is required due
to the overall reliability your platform (network, etc.).

Setting the timing value to 1 configures Raft to its highest performance (lowest
delay) mode. The maximum allowed value is 10. 
```

Language updates to improve accessibility (active voice, shorter sentences)
